# Design-a-mobile-robot-with-Pyhton-who-reacts-to-several-behaviours.
Robots are machines that are built to assist in easing human effort. A robot with an Artificial Intelligence is a computerized machine that can execute an explicit task with no human mediation or involvement, providing accuracy and speed. For this project, we will be using mobile robots which are built with industry-level chipsets and sensors. In this report, we explain that a single software framework can be used to represent several reactive behaviours and high-level behaviour. We will demonstrate a few Braitenberg behaviours such as love, aggression, fear, and curiosity which would be considered as low-level behaviour. The high-level behaviour indicates that the robot follows an individual and maintains a safe distance, keeping away from collisions with individuals and different objects
Hardware Requirements:- The mobile robot works with the help of an Intel RealSense camera which is installed at the top of the robot. The camera contains multiple sensors but is solely used for image recognition with the help of a depth and RGB camera. The mobile robot is also installed with proximity sensors, gyroscope, an accelerometer and 4000 mAh battery. There are four motors installed on this robot, which work independently of each other. All four motors can be customized to how much speed is needed. The main engine of this mobile robot is the Jetson NANO developer kit. This helps to run multiple neural networks for performing parallel application tasks, such as image classification and objection detection.
Reactive Behaviours :- The reactive behaviours include fear, love, aggression, and curiosity.Following and Obstacle Detection Behaviour The following behaviour consists of object detection and human following together.This behaviour is identifying both humans and objects within the same frame.
